Watch demo here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vybsf_W5rMo

Python 3.6 64 bit on windows 10 64 bit using pyCharm 2017.3 with Numpy and Matplotlib installed
In this problem, a robot was born in a continuous world at the center of the drop zone with a bearing of 0.0. The task for the robot is to deliver a number of boxes located at unknown positions to the drop zone. The map of the world is unknown. However, the robot is equipped with a sensor that can make a scan of the world and gather information about the object that it sees. The information includes what type of object it is (warehouse wall, wall, or box, but it cannot tell which wall it is. However, the sensor cannot sense where the drop zone is), how far it is from the current robot's position, and what's the angle between the robot-object line and the robot's current heading. But unluckily, both the measurement distance and the measurement angle are subject to measurement noises. The noise for distance is proportional to the distance. Commands can be issued to the robot in a way of heading angle change and distance of moving. Unfortunately again, the robot's heading angle change and distance of moving are also subject to noises. The noise in distance of moving is proportional to the distance moved. If the robot collides with the wall, warehouse or boxes, the game is over. One useful information is that, all the wall sit in a 1x1 grid if the world is correctly discretized.
Challenges of this problem include: how to get to the drop zone? how to know the position of the robot to avoid collision? How to find the boxes since the location of boxes are unknow? How to plan for paths since the map is unknown?